Add containerized proxy installation (#5097)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-smart-proxy-server-with-a-default-ssl-certificate.adoc

endif::[]

.Procedure
ifdef::containerized[]
. On your {ProjectServer}, generate an authentication bundle for the {SmartProxyServer}:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# {foremanctl} auth-bundle _{smartproxy-example-com}_
----
+

> To regenerate certificates for an existing {SmartProxyServer}, add the `--certificate-renew` option to the `{foremanctl} auth-bundle` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To regenerate the bundle for an existing {SmartProxyServer}, add the `--certificate-renew` option to the `{foremanctl} auth-bundle` command.
```
to match https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/pull/5097/changes#diff-559b348c8d71b62118321274424b32aa88c644e8131ded3b78825eed44dbfcd8R54

Reviewer 2: Funnily, both are right in *this* case. For default/self-signed, we renew the certs AND regenerate the bundle when passing `--certificate-renew`, while for custom server we only regenerate the bundle as we assume the user passed in the new certs. (Not sure this detail is important to the reader, so I'll let Jan decide which wording he likes more)

[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# scp /var/lib/foremanctl/certs/bundles/_{smartproxy-example-com}_.tar.gz \
root@_{smartproxy-example-com}_:/root/_{smartproxy-example-com}_.tar.gz
----
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
The authentication bundle contains TLS private keys and OAuth credentials.
Treat the bundle as highly sensitive and delete any copies after deployment.
====
. On the {SmartProxyServer}, deploy the configuration:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# {foremanctl} deploy-proxy \
--flavor {foremanctl-proxy-scenario} \
--auth-bundle /root/_{smartproxy-example-com}_.tar.gz \
--foreman-fqdn _{foreman-example-com}_
----
+

> To regenerate certificates for an existing {SmartProxyServer}, add the `--certificate-renew` option to the `{foremanctl} auth-bundle` command.

Reviewer 2: I'd move this to the step where you call `auth-bundle` instead of the very end?

> To regenerate certificates for an existing {SmartProxyServer}, add the `--certificate-renew` option to the `{foremanctl} deploy-proxy` command.

Reviewer 2: No, to the `auth-bundle` command.

Author: ```suggestion
To regenerate certificates for an existing {SmartProxyServer}, add the `--certificate-renew` option to the `{foremanctl} auth-bundle` command.
```
